<!DOCTYPE html>
   <body>
      <h1>impromptu client meeting notes</h1>
      <ul>
         <li>winston was unclear about "auto launch or boolean if_no_key toggle"</li>
         <li>pozefsky will likely also have issue with this</li>
         <li>winston wanted clarification on multikey support (donâ€™t we have this already)</li>
         <li>winston	has reservations about removing insecure/non-popup citing he has ideas on that one... (read as there could be a way to secure the dom element without a popup)</li>
         <li>winston is not totally sold on the duplicity of icons and shortcuts, he also likes the transparancy and lack of ui clutter associated with shortcuts</li>
         <li>winston acknowledges that switching keys is a bit of a pain</li>
         <li>winston does not really the idea of forcing the user to select contacts</li>
         <li>he threw out that if we can get future secrecy to use this, it could be a reason to do that</li>
         <li>colin brings up that this is an issue currently, so no crypto change will help this</li>
         <li>winston	really does not like forcing the user to the selecting recipients, suggests we find alternatives</li>
         <li>winston	is worried about significant overhead on the user</li>
         <li>winston agrees that inspecting dom for other related grdme elements to help prepopulate user context is theoretically possible but likely hard</li>
         <li>winston	notes it will likely be site dependent</li>
         <li>colin suggests having it fail gracefully and support major sites</li>
         <li>winston dislikes the idea of a large ruleset that needs be curated and maintained</li>
         <li>winston suggests that we implement a backchannel messaging protocol to deal with contact resolution issues</li>
         <li>colin worries about the centralized nature</li>
         <li>winston suggests a federated model</li>
         <li>colin really likes not needing to be a cdn/backchannel</li>
         <li>winston agrees there is an issue with dynamic and quick key switching</li>
         <li>winston wants to abstract key management</li>
         <li>winston notes that some of the userbase is only using a single shared secret for group messaging</li>
         <li>colin does not note that this does not seem pfs compliant, but realizes it now</li>
         <li>winston confirms that the use_cases and requirements docutments are otherwise inline with his desires as a client</li>
         <li>winston notes that there is a pick two of three: decentralization, security, and ease of use</li>
         <li>colin indicates the speed dial feature that was discussed monday</li>
      </ul>
   </body>
</html>
